We have prepared a very nice present for the summer then
he had talked
The Audi a3 Cabriolet is the premium offer in the compact class
that brings the pronounced sportiness the sophisticated
Technology and uncompromising quality
typical of the Audi brand
an open o2 mobile move Audi a4 still a classic
the fabric roof
This recommendation also applies to the Mob old glasses
Westermann is perfect with the original place at tables way
open-top driving
of lightness
the soft-up is characterized by low weight and excellent fit
out
It can be opened in only 90 customers
opened it are completed thanks to its time little space to complete
plenty of room for those of passengers and luggage
the acoustic top can also be up to 30 when driving
Open and close the speed
a great comfort gain in city traffic
in Audi Design, the reigning ever widening misery
worked on three important topics
even the topic of integration
the topic of traffic and the topic
dimensionality
on integration of course integration are now parents taught
Audible be free 10
here we have 4 million each individual club
one of the beautiful flowing Kirk of the line that here in the hood
continues
on the subject
Three-dimensionality all surfaces here continue to be worked up
about Tarak Dr
This headlight look can be nominated for the a3 cabriolet and you're
further developed here
acting without a b-pillar is a terrier feeling
all these lines and
Clear that the flowing paralyzed in an integrated rear spoiler
we have integration without Lehmann
Double effect light
with Light Ladder Technology already supports this with your sound on the subject
because basic character of the thousands
we also find the interior offers
here lives and bleeds must nationwide smiles supplies
for many unusual for five euros for children
the windscreen is as steep as in the a3
the short trip forward means that the driver and the passenger are happy
were allowed
Openair impression different than in the steel 800
the variety of Cardozo's reinforcements
ensures maximum crash safety and rigidity
Four of us open the door of three equally precise Agilis and comfortable with the
three- or five-door
Vierbuchen modern engines are available to choose two gasoline and two for the
maybe and sports director lap five to 200 hp
All four engines are direct injection turbocharged technology
Combining strong performance with exemplary efficiency
a highlight at Matrei kick-off is still the s tronic
It combines the advantages of an automatic transmission with those of a manual transmission
the driver benefits from fast gear changes as well as from the
comfort